Unit42 ATOMs fix get-indicators command (#16219)
demisto/content: Packs/FeedUnit42v2/ReleaseNotes/1_0_6.md

#### Integrations
##### Unit42 ATOMs Feed

> - Fixed an issue where **unit42-get-indicators** command was not handled **limit** argument properly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the ***unit42-get-indicators*** command was not handling the **limit** argument properly.
```
